to open an openc account we need an
ethereum wallet and an ethereum wallet
is just a wallet that you can open on
any of these providers metamask coinbase
wallet connect 4matic now we're going to
use metamask
as the standard here but you can connect
any wallet you already have
now if we go to metamask we see that you
can install it on chrome ios and android
we're in chrome right now so we're gonna
download and install it in chrome
install metamask for chrome
it takes us to the metamask chrome web
store website and what we'll do here is
we'll press add to chrome
add the extension
and by adding the extension we've now
added metamask
to chrome so that we can
have our wallet
inside of our chrome browser and as you
can see they put this funny animation
here
now it says welcome to metamask
connecting you to the ethereum and the
centralized web we're happy to see you
and now that we've installed metamask
let's go through the setup